---
title: ACC - mcSynch_mcExec workflow failing due to '@registrationToken unknow'
description: Description
solution: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
product: Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
applies-to: Campaign Classic,Campaign,Campaign Classic v7
keywords: KCS,registrationToken
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Ananya Kuthiala
article-created-date: 5/6/2022 11:58:35 AM
article-published-by: Ananya Kuthiala
article-published-date: 5/6/2022 12:03:54 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-19367
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ea48c7d8-33cd-ec11-a7b5-6045bd00d995
exl-id: 81dc2172-88b1-4682-8705-150bae9670ec
---
# [ACC] - mcSynch_mcExec workflow failing due to '[@registrationToken] unknow'

## Description

<br>You may encounter mcSynch workflow going into paused state with the following error<br><br>

<u>Error message</u>
*soapImport PostgreSQL error: ERROR:  COPY from stdin failed: Unable to complete operation in current status. CONTEXT:  COPY wkf3886_56147, line 1
<br>soapImport JavaScript: error while evaluating script 'eventSynch/soapImport'.
<br> soapImport Attribute 'registrationToken' unknown (see definition of schema 'Real time events (<b>nms:rtEvent</b>)'). Unable to parse expression '<b>@registrationToken</b>'.*

*Note: some version of the software will have a different message:*

*soapImport Attribute 'registrationToken' unknown (see definition of schema 'Real time events (<b>nms:batchEvent</b>)'). Unable to parse expression '<b>@registrationToken</b>'.*


<u>Why does this happen?</u>
This is due to the Mobile App Channel package installed on Production but not on RT instance.

RegistrationToken is an added attribute of nms:rtEvent/nms:batchEvent after importing Mobile App Channel package. It will therefore be queried in the step soapImportBatchEvent of the mcSynch, which will cause this error if the package is not installed on RT side, as the attribute will not exists on the RT schema.



Note - We do not recommend installing any package through UI, it should always be requested through a support ticket.
<br><br> <br>

## Resolution

<u>How to fix it?</u>
As a customer, you would not have UI access to the message center workflow; please raise a support ticket, share the error, and request the support team to install the package and resume the workflow.
