---
title: "Definition of the 'Email_Client_Unsubscribe' Processing Rule"
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign,Campaign Standard"
keywords: "KCS, Unsubscribe, Bounce, ACC, ACS, Campaign"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "E-000210142"
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "11/2/2022 12:59:17 PM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "11/2/2022 1:07:59 PM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-16256
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=421b7525-ae5a-ed11-9561-6045bd006a22"

---
# Definition of the 'Email_Client_Unsubscribe' Processing Rule

## Description

<b>Environment</b>
- Campaign
- Campaign Classic
- Campaign Standard

<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
`Email_Client_Unsubscribe` Processing Rule

In both Adobe Campaign Classic (ACC) and Adobe Campaign Standard (ACS), there is a section named <b>Mails Rebounds</b> in the mail processing rules section.

<b>In ACC:</b> Explorer/Administration/Campaign Management/Non deliverables Management/Mail rule sets/Mails Rebounds

<b>In ACS: </b>Administration/Channel/Emails/Email processing rules/Mail Rebounds

 Under Mails Rebounds section, there is a specific rule names: `Email_Client_Unsubscribe`


## Resolution


<b>What happens when a user clicks on unsubscribe in an email?</b>

There are two ways a user can unsubscribe from emails. Let’s understand the two kinds of <b>Unsubscribe</b>:

1. <b>When the user clicks on the client's Unsubscribe link in the body of the email</b>
    When a user clicks on the U<b>nsubscribe link</b> in the body of an email (click here), the *Subscriptions* table is updated for that recipient, and they will be unsubscribed in that table from that specific email type/brand/domain. In this case, the recipient will be available for all the future deliveries from the instance other than the *type/brand/domain* they unsubscribed from. Please note this situation is <b>not</b> a *bounce*, it is a true <b>Unsubscribe</b>.
2. <b>The user clicks on the Unsubscribe link in the email client itself</b>
    A click on the <b>Unsubscribe link</b> in the email client itself (Gmail, Yahoo), will cause Unsubscribe email to be sent back to the client's instance (Campaign), and that email will be processed by <b>InMail</b>, and should match the `Email_client_unsubscribe` Inbound email rule. If it does, then that recipient will be shown as *Quarantined* in the <b>Quarantine</b> list, and will no longer be sent any emails, for any brand, from that instance. The <b>Quarantine</b> table will be then updated, and for that reason, in Campaign, this situation is considered as a *Hard bounce*. Though, this situation is not a *bounc*e, technically. It is considered as such, since the <b>Subscription</b> table cannot be accessed in such situation, so Campaign cannot unsubscribe the recipient as requested. All <b>InMail</b> process can do is to update the <b>Quarantine</b> table.

