---
title: "Check and analyze if JCR session leaks in your AEM instance"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager 6.4,Experience Manager XML Documentation for Adobe Experience Manager,Experience Manager XML Documentation Add-on for Adobe Experience Manager,Experience Manager 6.5,Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "Helpx Link: https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/check-and-analyze-if-JCR-session-leaks-in-your-AEM-instance.html"
bug: False
article-created-by: Emily Geary
article-created-date: "11/17/2020 11:16:53 PM"
article-published-by: Emily Geary
article-published-date: "11/17/2020 11:24:27 PM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-16548
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=6c27d5f9-2a29-eb11-a813-000d3a303484"
exl-id: 8a953344-bc89-4188-9191-48e2cd460397
---
# Check and analyze if JCR session leaks in your AEM instance

## Description

Check if your AEM6.x application has a JCR session leak and track down the source


Environment



AEM 6.4,6.5

## Resolution

Steps

I. CHECK IF THERE IS A SESSION LEAK



1.  Go to http://host:port/system/console/jmx and log in as admin.
 
2.  Use the browser's search feature to find all occurrences of SessionStatistics objects on the page.
 
3.  If you find over 500, then there is a session leak.




II. IDENTIFY THE CODE THAT IS LEAKING SESSIONS

If you found a session leak, then follow the steps below to find what is causing it.

1.  Scroll down the page to the SessionStatistics objects.
 
2.  Open some of the SessionStatistics objects in a new browser tab by *[Ctrl]+Clicking some* that have a later timestamp or higher id number listed.  For example the one below has an id of




12105:org.apache.jackrabbit.oak "SessionStatistics" "admin@session-12105@Aug 10, 2020 7:03:25 PM" {id=287}. The higher the id number, the later the session was created after the last AEM restart.

1.  Review the stack traces showing which code opened those sessions.
 
2.  Search for application java packages in the stack.  If the code is part of your application, then see the next section below.




III. FIX THE SESSION LEAK

To prevent and fix JCR session leaks:

*   If you open a *javax.jcr.Session* in your code then always close it via *Session.logout()*
 
*   If you open a *org.apache.sling.api.resource.ResourceResolver* in your code then always close it via *ResourceResolver.close()*




Closing Session objects:

The code below leaves a session left open:

try { Session session = repository.loginAdministrative(null); Node node = session.getNode("/content/we-retail");   log.info("Node: " + node.getPath()); } catch (RepositoryException re) { log.error(re.getMessage(), re); }


Note: In addition to not only closing the session, this code also calls repository.loginAdministrative to open it. This way of opening sessions has been deprecated in later releases of AEM for security reasons.



To close the session you would wrap the code with a try/finally block and call session.logout():

Session session = null; try { session = repository.loginAdministrative(null); // use session } catch (RepositoryException re) { log.error(re.getMessage(), re); } finally { if (session != null && session.isLive()) { session.logout(); } }

Be careful when you create a session or share one.  When you share a session across objects, then it makes it harder to track where it was opened and when it has to be closed.  Also, sessions should never be shared across Java Threads.

Closing ResourceResolver objects:

The code below leaves a ResourceResolver open:

try{ ResourceResolver resourceResolver = resourceFactory.getServiceResourceResolver(paramMap);   Resource resource = resourceResolver.getResource("/content/we-retail");   log.info("Resource: " + res.getPath()); } catch(Exception e){ log.error(e.getMessage()); }

To close out the resourceResolver, wrap the code with a try/finally block and call resourceResolver.close():

try{ ResourceResolver resourceResolver = resourceFactory.getServiceResourceResolver(paramMap);   // use ResourceResolver } catch (Exception e) { log.error(e.getMessage()); } finally { if(resourceResolver != null && resourceResolver.isLive()) { resourceResolver.close();   } }


Important Note



Session and ResourceResolver objects that are obtained via the SlingRequest or WorkflowSession should not to be closed by your application.  For example:

slingRequest.getResourceResolver().adaptTo(Session.class); //Or workflowSession.getSession();

That resolver and session will be closed automatically after the request has been processed.
