---
title: Is it possible to hide or delete OOTB delivery templates in ACS
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Standard
keywords: KCS,Is it possible to hide or delete OOTB delivery templates in ACS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: 9/12/2022 10:53:26 AM
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: 9/12/2022 11:19:58 AM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-14757
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=2a24841c-8932-ed11-9db1-002248086735
exl-id: 477f804e-6180-4709-88e7-8696edaa5ed1
---
# Is it possible to hide or delete OOTB delivery templates in ACS

## Description


<b>Environment</b>

Campaign Standard



<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>

Is it possible to hide or delete default/OOTB delivery templates from the template view in ACS?



When you create a new marketing activity, the first screen in the wizard asks you to select a type or template. Templates allow you to pre-configure specific parameters according to your needs. The template may contain a full or partial configuration of the marketing activity.

The end-user has a simplified interface. When creating a new marketing activity, you just need to select the template you would like to use. There is no need to worry about any technical configurations. This has already been pre-configured by the functional administrator in the template.

For example, in the case of an email template, you can pre-fill the HTML content, the audience, and any other parameter of your delivery: schedule, test profiles, delivery's general properties, advanced parameters, etc. This allows you to save time when creating a new activity.

For more details on templates, refer to [https://helpx.adobe.com/in/campaign/standard/start/using/about-templates.html](https://helpx.adobe.com/in/campaign/standard/start/using/about-templates.html)

Few cases have been reported where users have requested to hide the OOTB/Default delivery templates from the templates view section. Only their custom templates are visible for users accessing the templates for delivery creation.






## Resolution


Deleting an OOTB template is not possible. Also, they cannot be hidden/edited/renamed as the properties of OOTB templates are in Read-Only format, hence not editable.

The only way to hide them from view is to configure the template list to pull down the OOTB templates to the bottom-most section of the list.

However, there is a way to filter out the built-in templates and those custom.

<b>Steps</b>

1. When creating a new email delivery, go to <b>[!UICONTROL Change display mode]</b> and change the method from <b>[!UICONTROL Cards]</b> to <b>[!UICONTROL Lists]</b>.
2. Click on <b>[!UICONTROL Configure list]</b>to add a filter that will help filter out the built-in or non-built templates. Once you click on [!UICONTROL Configure list], you will see the screen where you can add the Built-in condition.
3. Add the Built-in application condition and click <b>OK</b>.
4. You can keep the built-in application object column in Ascending order, which would prioritize custom templates having the value "No," and the templates with the value "Yes" would be shown at the bottom-most of this list.
