---
title: "Campaign Classic - Missing Zero ID Record"
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign"
keywords: "KCS - Missing Zero ID Record"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Krunal Oza
article-created-date: "10/19/2022 5:42:47 PM"
article-published-by: Krunal Oza
article-published-date: "10/19/2022 5:49:59 PM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-16945
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=1b5af96d-d54f-ed11-bba2-00224808679b"

---
# Campaign Classic - Missing Zero ID Record

## Description

<b>Environment</b>
- Campaign Classic
- Campaign



<b>Issues/Symptoms</b>
Prior to a build upgrade, when running an upgrade Pre-Check in a Campaign instance, the following warning is seen:

-------  0 id record is missing from the following schemas
+++++++++++  Contact Consultant : Fix and regenerate specified schemas.
_____ | schema                   
      | nms:recipient            
      | cus:xxxxx     
      | cus:xxxxx         
      | cus:xxxxx        
      | cus:xxxxx            
            

Questions:

1. Apparently, the zero ID record auto-generated and required when schemas are linked. How could someone intentionally or inadvertently delete this record?
2. Once the zero ID record has been deleted, what is the recommended approach to restoring it? A direct SQL command?



## Resolution


1. Apparently, the zero ID record auto-generated and required when schemas are linked. How could someone intentionally or inadvertently delete this record? - Someone could fire an SQL directly and delete all records from the table (instead of using the Update data activity)
2. Once the zero ID record has been deleted, what is the recommended approach to restoring it? A direct SQL command? Find out all integer columns in the schema and create an INSERT query with 0 populated for all those columns. This should recreate the 0 record. You will have to create an SQL script in the script section of Explorer in Campaign or use a SQL code activity in a workflow to be able to do this.

