---
title: Adobe Primetime Authentication - Most frequently used terms
description: Description
solution: Primetime
product: Primetime
applies-to: Primetime
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: 11/9/2022 11:13:02 AM
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: 11/9/2022 11:15:55 AM
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-16605
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=4f62ba74-1f60-ed11-9561-6045bd006268
exl-id: 9c811166-de17-4fb1-92e9-a9931785e14f
---
# Adobe Primetime Authentication - Most frequently used terms

## Description {#description}

<b>Environment</b>
Primetime


<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
Often support agents, partners, and other stakeholders wonder what the specific terms stand for in <b>Adobe Primetime</b>. Here is a list of the most commonly used terms in <b>Adobe Primetime</b>.


## Resolution {#resolution}

Most Common Terms<br>
<b>Entities</b>

- <u><b>Programmer</b></u> - a programmer is a <b>Content Provider</b> who plans to integrate the Adobe Pass into their website or application.
- <u><b>Channel</b></u> - a channel is the <b>actual resource</b> through which a programmer serves the content. One programmer can serve one or many channels. For example: A programmer Star can have Star Sports and Star Movies as channels.
- <u><b>RequestorID</b></u> - it is a unique ID that <b>identifies a programmer</b> or its resources – account, brand, or channel, and so on, to<b> Adobe Pass. </b>
- <u><b>ResourceID</b></u> - an ID (a string) that identifies programmer to<b> Multichannel Video Programming Distributor (MVPD). </b>
- <u><b>Service provider</b></u> - this refers to the role of SP, played by Adobe Primetime authentication, acting on behalf of a Programmer during an integration with an MVPD.
- <u><b>Content provider</b></u> - a <b>programmer </b>is also referred as a content provider.
- <u><b>Media company</b></u> - Media Companies are <b>PayTV providers</b>, essentially MPVDs.
- <u><b>MVPD</b></u> - Multi-channel Video Programming Distributors (MVPDs), as the name suggests, are <b>distributors</b> of the programmers’ content to <b>multiple platforms</b>. for example: TV, mobile and clientless devices (Xbox, Roku, and so on).

Flows
- <u><b>AuthN</b></u> - authN refers to <b>authentication</b> which essentially is a user login process to MVPD platform. Adobe Primetime authentication generates an <b>authN token </b>and the same is stored on the user’s device or on Adobe’s server, depending upon the programmer’s integration platform
- <u><b>AuthZ</b></u> - authZ refers to <b>authorization</b> process that enables user to <b>view protected content</b> served by a channel/programmer.  Adobe Primetime authentication generates the <b>authZ token</b> and the same is stored on Adobe’s server.
- <u><b>Preflight</b></u> - Preflight authorization is a lightweight authorization check for multiple resources.
- <u><b>Logout</b></u> - Essentially it is a process of user exiting out of the Windows Media Player by selecting Logout option. The Windows Media Player handles the logout via <b>Access Enabler API</b> which logs out the user and <b>deletes all AuthN and AuthZ tokens</b> from the user's local system. Adobe Primetime authentication ensures that all tokens are deleted and <b>notifies the MVPD</b> to delete their session as well. Generally, a SAML logout request is sent to the Identity Provider - IdP (MVPD).



Protocols
- <b><u>SAML</u></b> - <b>Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML)</b> is an XML-based data format for exchanging <b>authentication</b> and <b>authorization</b> data between an IdP and an SP.
- <u><b>OAuth</b></u> - The OAuth authorization framework enables a third-party application to obtain limited access to an HTTP service, either on behalf of a resource owner by orchestrating an approval interaction between the resource owner and the HTTP service, or by allowing the third-party application to obtain access on its own behalf. We currently use <b>OAuth 2.0.</b>
- <b><u>XACML</u></b> - e<b>Xtensible Access Control Markup Language</b> defines a declarative fine-grained, attribute-based access control policy language, an architecture, and a processing model describing how to evaluate access requests as per the rules defined in policies. It is used by Adobe Primetime authentication to translate the <b>Media Rich Site Summary</b> <b>(MRSS)</b> into formats supported by MVPDs.
- <b><u>SOAP</u></b>- <b>Simple Object Access Protocol</b> is used for <b>exchanging structured information </b>in the implementation of web services in computer networks. Its purpose is to induce extensibility, neutrality, and independence. It uses <b>XML Information Set</b> for its message format, and relies on application layer protocols, mostly HTTP or SMTP, for message negotiation and transmission.
- <u><b>REST</b></u> - REST is one way of providing interoperability between computer systems on the Internet. REST-compliant web services allow requesting systems to access and manipulate textual representations of Web resources using a uniform and predefined set of <b>stateless operations</b>. It is another supported approach to translate the MRSS into formats supported by MVPDs. The <b>MRSS</b> is base64 encoded and passed as a URL parameter on the REST call.

<br>User Metadata:<br>
<b>MPVDs </b>maintain the<b> User Metadata</b> and Programmers can request the same using Access Enabler’s <b>`getMetadata()`</b> function and via the <b>`/usermetadata`</b> endpoint in the Clientless API.
 
The User Metadata feature enables Programmers to access different types of user-specific data, such as ZIP codes, parental ratings, user IDs, and more. User metadata is an <b>extension</b> to the previously available static metadata (Authentication token TTL, Authorization token TTL, and Device ID). The application can access metadata by providing a composite `MetadataKey` object.

- <b>`void getMetadata`</b>`(MetadataKey metadataKey)` – method available in AE for this get instance.


The metadata is returned as follows: <b>`setMetadataStatus`</b>`(key, encrypted, data)`:

- `Key (String)`: Specifies the type of metadata requested
- `Encrypted (Boolean)`: A Boolean flag, signifying whether the value is encrypted or not. If this is true, then the value is a JSON Web Encrypted representation of the actual value
- `Data (Object)`: A JSON object that contains the representation of the metadata
