---
title: "Background Hits and Legacy Processing Settings"
description: Description
solution: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
product: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
applies-to: "Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics"
keywords: "KCS, Background Hits"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "The caching of this setting is technically permanent. However, since we restart those services daily, we are practically manually busting that cache once very 24 hours. The setting caching behavior isn't really documented and is more just of an implementation detail. Therefore, be careful when sharing the information with customers."
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "10/6/2022 9:08:37 AM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "10/6/2022 10:08:04 AM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-16134
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=6f7b9e73-5645-ed11-bba2-000d3a34e6e5"

---
# Background Hits and Legacy Processing Settings

## Description

<br>Environment<br><br>
- Customer Journey Analytics
- Analytics

<br><br>Issue/Symptoms<br><br>
Background hits are sent when an app is in a background state. Customers can use Virtual Report Suites to discard these hits from reporting. However, there is a setting in *Analytics Admin Console* where these hits can be disabled permanently. This article talks about how these hits can be disabled and how the processing gets affected by this setting.


## Resolution


Few years back, Analytics started processing background hits in reporting. Which would in turn result in the processing affecting the visits and visitors data. In order to prevent background hits from reporting, one can use the Virtual Report Suites. Visit [here](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/components/virtual-report-suites/vrs-components.html) for more information.

There is a separate setting for disabling background hits in the report suite. Background hits processing can be disabled/enabled by going to <b>Analytics  Admin  Report Suites  Edit Settings  App Management  App Reporting</b>. By default, the setting is enabled.
<br>Background hits in the data feed can be identified by using `customer_perpective` column where the value of a background hit will be 1. In the url query string, the value is cp=1.<br>
If the background hits are disabled, `visit_num` and `visit_page_num` will be set as 0, which tells the processing servers, *not to include the hits in reporting*. On the reporting side, a look up is done once per 24 hours, if those background hits needs to be ignored. So, the changes will affect in reporting only after 24 hours past the setting is changed.


