---
title: "How to capture SSAI and Original Manifests simultaneously?"
description: Description
solution: Primetime
product: Primetime
applies-to: "Primetime"
keywords: "KCS, Primetime, SSAI"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "11/9/2022 11:58:17 AM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "11/9/2022 1:15:44 PM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-16610
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=0a56cac8-2560-ed11-9561-6045bd006268"

---
# How to capture SSAI and Original Manifests simultaneously?

## Description {#description}

<b>Environment </b>
Primetime


<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
How to capture Server-Side Ad Insertion (SSAI) and Original Manifests simultaneously?


## Resolution {#resolution}


1. Set up your Charles recording settings to only capture *m3u8* URL, using the method suggested in this screenshot:
2. On an Apple TV, start playback on the app (for which you need to debug) and capture in Charles (requires setting up Apple TV with Apple TV Configurator in advance) – ensure that beforehand.
3. Grab the SSAI bootstrap or master playlist URL – http://manifest.auditude.com - Take the encoded *m3u8*URL (highlighted in blue)
4. <b>Base64</b> decode the stream URL (using [https://www.base64decode.org/](https://www.base64decode.org/)) to get the original stream URL or use the terminal command
5. In Charles, turn on <b>macOS</b> or <b>Windows proxy</b>
6. Open Safari or Edge browser, enter the Base64-<b>decoded</b> URL. Let the video play long enough for a couple of manifests from this master playlist to appear in Charles. They will look like the highlighted lines in this screenshot
7. Once you have this captured from the Safari or Edge browser, you can exit that browser. It is recommended to capture this stream in a new session
8. In Charles, select the corresponding original media playlist (same one that you're requesting for SSAI)
9. Right-click in Charles - <b>Repeat Advanced</b>
10. In the setup window, the repeat interval is in MILLISECONDS (e.g., so please use <b>6000</b> for 6 seconds - or as you like) for repetitions, you can put <b>1000</b>.  Keeping the *Show results in new Session* box <b>checked ON</b> – which will create a separate tab that will call for an original manifest every 6 seconds, and will create a capture of the original
11. Final Step - Turn off <b>macOS/ Windows proxy</b>

