---
title: "Configuring Real Time Reports via API"
description: Description
solution: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
product: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
applies-to: "Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Vidur Bhatnagar
article-created-date: "4/29/2022 8:04:49 AM"
article-published-by: Vidur Bhatnagar
article-published-date: "4/29/2022 8:08:19 AM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-17606
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=98a76807-93c7-ec11-a7b6-0022480a1de4"

---
# Configuring Real Time Reports via API

## Description


Configure Real Time reports via Real time API


## Resolution


Real Time reports only take up 3 reports from the UI.
 When we set “ui_report”: “true” in Real Time API, reports will be visible in Adobe Real Time reports. It is mandate to set 3 dimensions in API when you set “ui_report”: “true”.
 However, if you do set “ui_report”: “false” it is not mandate to set 3 dimensions & now and you can set up maximum 9 reports where “ui_report”: “false” considering there are no reports which are having “ui_report”: “true” and each report has a single dimension.
 The reason for this is “Report suites can have a maximum of 9 event relations.” Which means for real time configuration you cannot specify more than 9 dimensions combining all real time configurations (those having “ui_report”: “true” + “ui_report”: “false”).
 So, you can make various permutations and combinations of real time reports via API say

1. 3 reports having “ui_report”: “true” à Total dimensions will be 9 (3X3)
2. 2 reports having “ui_report”: “true” + 3 reports having “ui_report”: “false” with single dimension à Total dimensions will be 9 (2X3+3X1)
3. 1 report with “ui_report”: “true” + 2 reports with “ui_report”: “false” with 2 dimensions in each report. à Total dimensions will be 7 (1X3+2X2)


Some good pointers around Real Time APIs:

1. When using method=Report.Run in API you will only be able to pull those dimensions & metrics in API call which have been already Saved (method=ReportSuite.SaveRealTimeSettings). It won’t work if you save configuration of “prop25” with “instances” via method=ReportSuite.SaveRealTimeSettings and via method=Report.Run you want to grab the value of “prop35” with “instances”.

    
2. You can set eVars too in Real Time APIs when “ui_report”: “false”. Thus with real time APIs you can set eVars too but in Real Time reports you do not get that feature.

