---
title: "\"User name and password do not match\" on login"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "Helpx Link: https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/user-name-and-password-do-not-match-on-login.html"
bug: False
article-created-by: Emily Geary
article-created-date: "3/23/2021 4:24:06 PM"
article-published-by: Emily Geary
article-published-date: "3/23/2021 4:25:19 PM"
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-16549
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=4d06f62c-f48b-eb11-a812-000d3a58b8a9"
exl-id: a7a34c06-3297-4c3a-b8c4-0ff03631d4a7
---
# "User name and password do not match" on login

## Description


When trying to log in to AEM, the error "User name and password do not match" is returned in a red box on the login screen.

When inspecting the network traffic via a browser debugger, a 403 error response is returned from an Ajax HTTP POST request to this URL:
 /libs/granite/core/content/login.html/j_security_check

<b>Environment</b>

AEM 6.x

<b>Cause</b>

The user name or password could be incorrect or there could be an error from the authentication handler during login.


## Resolution


To debug and fix this issue, follow the guide below:

<b>Analysis</b>

I. VALIDATE THE USER NAME, PASSWORD, AND THAT THE USER EXISTS:

If the issue only happens with one or a few users, then it could be that the wrong user names or passwords are being used or the users don't exist in AEM.

CHECK THE PASSWORD:

1. Use Chrome browser and open [Developer Tools](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools) = Network tab in the browser, then, attempt to log in again.
2. Select the POST request ending with j_security_check in the URL.
3. In the lower-right panel of the Headers tab, scroll to the bottom.
4. Validate that under Form Data, the password being sent in the j_password parameter is correct.


VALIDATE THAT THE USER EXISTS AND RESET THE PASSWORD:

1. Log in as admin user.
2. Go to the [user administration](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/experience-manager-65/administering/home.html?topic=/experience-manager/6-5/sites/administering/morehelp/security.ug.js) screen.
3. Verify that the users exist.
4. Create the user if it doesn't exist or reset the password if it does.


II. Analyze broken authentication handling

If none of the above solves the problem, then:

1. Log in to the AEM server's OS.
2. Tail or view the error.log file.
3. View the updates to the log while attempting to log in to AEM.
4. If any errors or warnings are logged, then analyze those warnings.  If nothing is logged, then [enable a debug log](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/experience-manager-65/deploying/configuring/configure-logging.html) with these settings:

    Log Level: Debug

    Log File: auth-debug.log

    Loggers:

    org.apache.sling.auth


    com.adobe.granite.auth


    com.day.crx.security.token
5. At this point, if you are unable to analyze the log messages, and find the root cause, then contact [AEM Customer Support](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/?support-solution=Experience+Manager#support)
