---
title: Registry error after installing new client console
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Classic
keywords: KCS, registry error, installing new client console, Adobe Campaign Classic, troubleshooting, clear cache, regedit, registry key
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: 9/30/2022 5:42:35 AM
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: 9/30/2022 7:07:42 AM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-15766
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=d210f2ad-8240-ed11-9db1-0022480866ad
exl-id: 38b7c767-d55d-4a9a-ad94-42316f547602
---
# Registry error after installing new client console

## Description


<b>Environment</b>
 Adobe Campaign Classic

<b>Issue</b>
 Post upgrading the Windows version, an error occurs related to the registry key looks similar to error message:


```
Unable to find HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Neolane|NL_5\nlclient\
```



## Resolution


<b>Solution</b>
Below are some steps that you can follow to resolve this error:

<u>When you install</u>
Right-click the setup file and select <b>Run as Administrator</b>, just to make sure it tries to use full admin rights.

If above does not work, then try below approaches:

<u>Clear the hard cache</u>
Please follow the below steps to clear out the hard cache:

1. Close the console.
2. Open the folder `C:\Users\Windows Username\AppData\Roaming\Neolane\NL_5`.
3. Delete all the xml files except `nlclient_cnx.xml` and delete the `nlclient` sub-folder.
4. Then restart the console to if that is successful.


<u>Remove a key in your computer's registry</u>

Use the windows registry editor (`regedit`) to remove the key `Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Neolane`.

<u>How to access this key</u>:

1. In Start menu type `regedit` in the section <b>Search programs and files</b>.
2. A new window opens saying, "Do you want the following program to make changes to this computer" then say *Yes*.
3. <b>Registry Editor</b> opens in a new window.
4. Delete the following key: `Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Neolane`.


Then restart your computer, and then reinstall Neolane.

<u>Last method</u>
Also, in the past all the issues related to this error were resolved by following the below mentioned steps:

1. Close the console.
2. Go to the appropriate path depending on the OS you have on your local machine, for XP: `C:\Documents and Settings\Application Data\Neolane\NL_5` and for Windows 7/10: `C:\Users\Windows User Name\AppData\Roaming\Neolane\NL_5`.
3. Delete all files and subfolders inside this folder except `nlclient_cnx.xml`. <b>Please ensure that you do not delete the file `nlclient_cnx.xml`.</b>
4. Check if you still face the error. If not, the problem is resolved. If you observe the problem again, please redo steps 1 through 3 and then continue with step 5.
5. Uninstall the client, delete both the following registry entries below, then reboot and reinstall the client:`HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Wow6432Node\Microsoft\DirectDraw\MostRecentApplication`

    `HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Neolane\NL_5\nlclient\Forms\`


This has many subfolders/entries relating to various forms and other items, so just delete the whole folder.
Note: If it's a 32-bit Windows, then ignore the `Wow6432Node\` subfolder, since it doesn't exist in 32-bit Windows.

<u><b>Note</b></u><b>:</b> It is important to make a registry backup or create system restore point before performing these tasks.
