---
title: "Interaction call returning 0 propositions when maxCount attribute is set to 0008 or more then that in the SOAP payload"
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign"
keywords: "KCS,Interaction call returning 0 propositions when maxCount attribute is set to 0008 or more then that in the SOAP payload"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Ananya Kuthiala
article-created-date: "5/7/2022 4:38:35 PM"
article-published-by: Ananya Kuthiala
article-published-date: "5/7/2022 4:38:59 PM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-15691
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=c131d121-24ce-ec11-a7b5-0022480a8e40"

---
# Interaction call returning 0 propositions when maxCount attribute is set to 0008 or more then that in the SOAP payload

## Description


Interaction call payload:



soapenv:Envelope xmlns:soapenv="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/soap/envelope/" xmlns:urn="urn:nms:interaction"
 soapenv:Header/
 soapenv:Body
 urn:Propose
 urn:sessiontoken/
 !--Recipient Id
 urn:targetId*random*/urn:targetId--
 !-Account Id-
 urn:targetId*random*/urn:targetId
 !--Contact Id
 urn:targetId*random*/urn:targetId--
<b>urn:maxCount00008/urn:maxCount</b>
 urn:uuid/
 urn:nlid/
 urn:noProp/
 urn:categories/urn:categories
 urn:themes/
 urn:context
 !-You may enter ANY elements at this point-
 context
 interaction onCallOfferFlg="Y" orgName="*to be filled*"/
 /context
 /urn:context
 /urn:Propose
 /soapenv:Body
 /soapenv:Envelope



Endpoint: 
[https://Server URL/interaction/liveRcp/](https://floridapowerandlight-mkt-stage3.campaign.adobe.com/interaction/liveRcp/nba "Follow link")offer



In the above payload, the urn:maxCount00008/urn:maxCount tag takes numeric value. If we use a trailing 0, it works fine till 0007 eg. (0000,0001,0002...0007)



But if we use 0008 and above, it returns 0 propositions.


## Resolution


On checking the Interaction.js library, we see that the parseInt() function is used to parse the maxCount value to Integer. This parseInt() function returns a decimal value by default.



<b>*var iAskedPropositionCount = parseInt(soapMethod.</b>::maxCount.toString());\<b>



On doing some research, I found that this JS function inherits a property from C and C++ that if you pass a value in parseInt() which starts with 0, it uses base 8 to return the value. Since base 8 does not accept numeral greater than 7, when we pass 0008 or more, it converts it into 0 or NaN hence no proposition is returned.

if in maxCount, we pass 8 instead of 0008, we get proposition in the response to the SOAP call.



If we modify the interaction.js library and use:



</b>*var iAskedPropositionCount = parseInt(soapMethod.<b>::maxCount.toString(),10);\</b>



it works for all numbers.
