---
title: WARNING  Audience has not been synced, run the 'Import Shared Audience' workflow to reconcile and update
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Standard
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 'Reference - : https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=1061261145#space-menu-link-content  Resolved in - https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/CAMP-34744'
bug: false
article-created-by: Ananya Kuthiala
article-created-date: 5/7/2022 3:41:25 PM
article-published-by: Ananya Kuthiala
article-published-date: 5/7/2022 3:42:33 PM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-14194
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=0544c621-1cce-ec11-a7b5-0022480a8e40
exl-id: 60e6231b-d91c-4349-9763-00ebad5da3ef
---
# WARNING  Audience has not been synced, run the 'Import Shared Audience' workflow to reconcile and update

## Description


While setting up with audience sharing with experience cloud via people core services in Campaign Standard, the importing data in spite of Import shared audience is not pulling data.

The issue was while creating audience in adobe campaign, they were getting error, referring to the error :



RST-360011 An error has occurred - please contact your administrator.

 RST-360011 An error has occurred - please contact your administrator.
 PGS-220000 PostgreSQL error: ERROR: relation "list22017314" does not exist
 LINE 1: ... || E' (' || COALESCE(N1.sEmail, '') || E')' FROM list220173...
 XTK-170006 Unable to parse expression 'FetchData($(apiVersion) , $(_filter) , $(.) , $(_lineStart) , $(_lineCount) , $(_order))'.
 XTK-170006 Unable to parse expression 'FetchData($(apiVersion) , $(_filter) , $(.) , $(_lineStart) , $(_lineCount) , $(_order))'.





After checking the Import Shared Audience Workflow, it is going into “No” state to process.

After consulting from AAM team, fetching files from S3 and do reconciliation with Campaign profile database. But still count of profiles in Campaign's Audiences remained zero.


## Resolution


The issue was at the AAM Side; in Data Source Configuration at the AAM site, you may be using MID integration but have selected Customer Id in Data Source Settings - Inbound. It should be the Marketing cloud id; after correcting the configuration, the audiences are getting imported.
