---
title: How to setup [!DNL Amobee] Destination and use cases
description: Description
solution: Audience Manager
product: Audience Manager
applies-to: Audience Manager
keywords: KCS, [!DNL Amobee Destination], Audience Manager, Setup
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: https://wiki.corp.adobe.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=MCPI&title=Turn+Amobee+-+AAM+Destination
bug: false
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: 9/6/2022 7:41:33 AM
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: 9/6/2022 7:42:56 AM
version-number: 5
article-number: KA-13946
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=1aac9553-b72d-ed11-9db1-0022480866ad
exl-id: 5462a4d0-eed7-4eeb-916e-0b21a5ea2b77
---
# How to setup [!DNL Amobee] Destination and use cases

## Description


How to setup [!DNL Amobee] Destination using a new approach and a few use cases

<b>Environment</b>
 Adobe Audience Manager


## Resolution


[!DNL Amobee] Integration has been updated recently, and additional steps need to be followed to complete this setup.

While requesting for this destination setup, provide the following information to the consultant:

1. Organization Details

2. [!DNL Amobee] Seat ID

3. [!DNL Amobee] Advertiser ID (if any)

4. [!DNL Amobee] Data Provider ID (if any)

5. AAM segment IDs and Names to be shared with [!DNL Amobee]

6. Existing [!DNL Amobee] Contract ID (if any)

<b>Steps to be completed by your consultant</b>:

1. Prepare Config and Taxonomy files.
2. Upload the files into [!DNL Amobee]'s FTP server as per the configurations available in the above said document.
3. Allow 2-3 hours to receive a notification from [!DNL Amobee].


- If it is a success, take the URL to complete the destination setup.
- If it is a failure, correct the errors and re-upload the files to follow the same steps.


<b>Working with Existing destinations</b>: Check with [!DNL Amobee]'s representative for the given client and get current taxonomy file and contract details.

- If you have legacy [!DNL Amobee] destination (prior to the new setup) then we need to upload taxonomy file in the format `23653917_EXISTING_CONTRACT_ID_taxonomy.xls`.
- If the setup is done with new method, and you don't know the name of first config file, then get in touch with [!DNL Amobee] representative to find out the uploaded file name using which fresh taxonomy file will be sent to [!DNL Amobee].


<b>Points to remember:</b>

1. The whole process takes 3-4 days time, so ensure that you provide correct set of details to the consultant.

2. If there is any existing Amobee contract which needs to be re-used, supply that information as well.
