---
title: Disabled message center email but mails still getting triggered
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: Campaign Classic,Campaign
keywords: KCS, ACC, disabled message center email, mails still triggered, Adobe Campaign Classic, Adobe Campaign, Troubleshooting
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: 11/1/2022 5:25:22 PM
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: 11/1/2022 5:27:03 PM
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-16431
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ded77429-0a5a-ed11-9561-6045bd006a22
exl-id: 25b3c168-7dc9-42ac-9954-cfe40f7fcb87
---
# Disabled message center email but mails still getting triggered

## Description


<b>Environment</b>
 Adobe Campaign Classic
 Adobe Campaign

<b>Issue</b>
 To meet business requirements, Adobe Campaign can disable/switch-off a few of our message center mails and SMS.

To achieve the following, a dummy `eventType` was created and selected in the email properties, published it, tested and still received the mail from the original `eventType`.
 Then we changed the existing eventTypes of the emails and SMS to *xxxxx_old* and went back to email properties, selected the *xxxxx_old*  eventType, and published, yet we received the mail from the original `eventType` while testing.

<u>Questions</u>:
 Can you disable message center emails?
 Or also, how much time does it take for the `eventType` to be associated with the email after publishing the template?
 Once the template is published, is there any way to disable it in Adobe Campaign Classic?


## Resolution


<b>Solution</b>
Customers whose Message Center instances are hosted by Adobe should contact Adobe Campaign Support to perform the steps below:

1. Stop the `rtEventprocessing` workflow.
2. Go to the respective folder on RT instance, which may be similar to, <b>Administration</b> then go to <b>Production</b> then go to <b>Message Center</b> then go to <b>Deliveries</b> then go to <b>2020</b> then go to <b>10</b>.

    Check for the continuous delivery which is still being used for that event.

    The child delivery is still using the old event type.
3. Most customers have a setting to have one child delivery per month.

    If yours is per day/week, then perform the next step for child delivery of the current week/day.
4. Stop the delivery. You can perform a mass update to change the status to either *Stopped*/*Failed*.
5. Start the `rtEventProcessing` workflow.
