---
title: Changes made through the API not reflecting on [!DNL Target]
description: Description
solution: Target
product: Target
applies-to: Target
keywords: KCS, API, Offers, Activity, Adobe Target, interface, changes
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: 9/9/2022 8:07:16 AM
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: 9/9/2022 8:26:23 AM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-14507
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ccc21268-1630-ed11-9db1-0022480866ad
exl-id: 4cd77bf8-fcbb-4417-8b4a-01431aef7db3
---
# Changes made through the API not reflecting on [!DNL Target]

## Description


<b>Environment</b>
 Adobe Target

<b>Issue</b>
 While evaluating [!DNL Target] Admin API features, do not see the results reflected in the [!DNL Target] interface.

Examples:

<b>Scenario 1</b>
 Update [!UICONTROL Activity Name]

1. Send `PUT` request to `/{tenant}/target/activities/{id}/name`.
2. Response in [!DNL Postman] shows successful execution.
3. Also, you see updated [!UICONTROL Name] "API Test Activity CHANGED" by sending `GET`: `/{tenant}/target/activities`.
4. But in [!DNL Target] you still see the old name "API Test Activity", although the changelog shows that activity was updated at the time of [!DNL Postman] request.


<b>Scenario 2</b>
 Update Offer by ID

1. Send `PUT` request to `/{tenant}/target/offers/content/{id}`.
2. Response in [!DNL Postman] shows successful execution.
3. But in [!DNL Target] you still see the old code, and offer info does not show date of Postman request.







## Resolution


<b>Solutions</b>

For activities that are created on UI and updated via API, then activity name is not reflected on UI. All other fields in activity are updated in UI.

For offers that are created on UI and updated via API, none of the fields are reflected on UI. Support for offer update via API created from UI is not yet available.

For resources (ёactivities/audiences/offers/ё) created outside [!DNL Target] UI have no such restriction.
