---
title: "Password reset_Locked user account"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Roxann McGlumphy
article-created-date: "10/20/2021 7:41:51 PM"
article-published-by: Roxann McGlumphy
article-published-date: "10/20/2021 7:50:21 PM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-17462
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=82867dbf-dd31-ec11-b6e5-000d3a5ba97a"
exl-id: 1241fb1c-a945-4675-b190-d0ce95228b69
---
# Password reset_Locked user account

## Description


- How does a user account get unlocked?
- After how long does an account get unlocked after being locked?
- I get the message "User locked out. Too many invalid login attempts." How can I log in?
- I am not able to log in with my valid password after some invalid attempts. Hou can I log in?
- How can I retrieve or reset my Scene7 Password?



## Resolution


<b>Duration of Lock</b>

The system automatically unlocks the account after one hour if you do not attempt to login between this period. To unlock your account, please click on the link "Forget your password" on the SPS login screen. The system will immediately unlock your account, and send an email with the new temporary password. You can use this password to login to the system.



<b>Locked Out</b>

Once you get the error “User locked out. Too many invalid login attempts” or you are not able to login with your valid password after some invalid attempts, you can either wait one hour for your account to be available again, or try out the steps below to reset your password:
 1. Click on “Forget your password?” and it will prompt for your email – enter the valid email and you should get an email with the temporary password.
 2. Copy the temporary password from the email (without any space or gap) and login – it will prompt you to change your password.
 3. Once the password has been changed, the new password becomes your password which you will be using every day.

<b>Reset Password</b>

You can reset your password by following these steps:

1. Click on “Forget your password?” and it will prompt for your email – enter the valid email and you should get an email with the temporary password.
 2. Copy the temporary password from the email (without any space or gap) and login – it will prompt you to change your password.
 3. Once the password has been changed, the new password becomes your password which you will be using every day.
