---
title: "Sending deliveries with different Sender Names"
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic"
keywords: "KCS,Sending deliveries with different Sender Names"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "9/22/2022 10:09:34 AM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "9/22/2022 10:42:48 AM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-14837
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=3482baa3-5e3a-ed11-9db0-002248086d3d"

---
# Sending deliveries with different Sender Names

## Description

<b>Environment</b><b> </b>
Campaign Classic
<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
<b>Using different Sender Names in deliveries</b>

Sender Name in the delivery form helps determine the name with which you want your email to be viewed as and this is configured in the email header parameters which you can view by clicking *[!UICONTROL From]* in the email section in the specific delivery.

To change the [!UICONTROL Sender name], you simply have to edit the name in the form above, and no further action is required.

However, it is always better to perform certain steps to ensure a decent IP/domain reputation of your deliveries.






## Resolution

<b>Follow these steps to check the authenticity of a [!UICONTROL Sender name]</b>
When introducing a new sender name, it is always suggested to perform a placement test as it may have an impact at any point of time in future, hence it is always suggested to perform an inbox placement test using the sender name to validate it's authenticity.

Step 1: You can perform an inbox placement test by using the new sender names and then use them to target the delivery.

Step 2: To perform the test, take 2-3 existing [!DNL Gmail] address and 2-3 new [!DNL Gmail] addresses. Send an Email with the new [!UICONTROL Sender name] to all those Email addresses and check in which folder category that Email has landed exactly. Based upon the Email's landing to junk/spam or primary/promotion, it will help you know more about the sender name's impact.

The reason behind suggesting [!DNL Gmail] is, majority of Email database is on [!DNL Gmail] only, hence testing on the [!DNL Gmail] will help you a lot. Rest of the testing can be done based on which ISP is the higher one, i.e. [!DNL gmail], [!DNL yahoo], [!DNL hotmail], etc.
