---
title: "How to force recompilation of Sling scripts JSP, Java, and Sightly in AEM 6.5"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "Helpx Link: helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/How-to-force-a-recompilation-of-all-Sling-scripts-jsps-java-sightly-on-AEM-6-4.html"
bug: False
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: "10/17/2022 8:34:04 AM"
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: "10/17/2022 9:17:51 AM"
version-number: 12
article-number: KA-16543
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=3e907074-f64d-ed11-bba2-0022480868ff"

---
# How to force recompilation of Sling scripts JSP, Java, and Sightly in AEM 6.5

## Description

<b>Environment</b>
Adobe Experience Manager 6.5


<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
How to force recompilation of all Sling scripts like JSP, Java, and Sightly in AEM 6.5?


## Resolution


Sometimes the *JSP*, *HTL clientLibs*, or *classes* will not get recompiled automatically in Adobe Experience Manager (AEM).  Strange UI issues can occur, and compilation errors may be seen in the logs. Now, we do not have libraries under the `/var/clientlibs `folder anymore. They are in the file system.

<b> 1. Recompile via AEM Web Console:</b>

- For clientlibs access 1, click <b>Invalidate Caches,</b> then click <b>Rebuild Libraries</b>.
- For classes, JSPs and Sightly cache, go to 2 and click <b>Clear ClassLoader</b> on the top right side.


<b> 2. Recompile via the file system</b>

<u>For classes, JSPs and Sightly cache:</u>

- Search the server where the AEM instance is deployed. From home folder run command: `find launchpad/felix -path "*/bundle*/data/classes" -type d`
- Delete the *classes* folder.


*Note:* Classes and Sightly cache are stored in the *Apache Sling Commons FileSystem ClassLoader*bundle.  You can also check the bundle number in the *AEM Web Console*and access that folder directly on the file system under `crx-quickstart/launchpad/felix`.



<u>For ClientLibraries</u>

- Search in the server where the AEM instance is deployed. From home folder run command: `find launchpad/felix -path "*/bundle*/data/outputcache" -type d.`
- Delete *outputcache* folder.


*Note:*Clientlibs is now stored in the *Adobe Granite UI Clientlibs*.  You can also check the bundle number in the *AEM Web Console*and access that folder directly on the file system under `crx-quickstart/launchpad/felix` by going under same bundle.



1 http://host:port/libs/granite/ui/content/dumplibs.rebuild.html

2 http://host:port/system/console/fsclassloader



DOWNLOAD

[Get file](https://helpx.adobe.com/content/dam/help/en/experience-manager/kb/How-to-force-a-recompilation-of-all-Sling-scripts-jsps-java-sightly-on-AEM-6-4/_jcr_content/main-pars/download_section/download-1/cq-force-recompilation64.zip "cq-force-recompilation64.zip")

Shell script `cq-force-recompilation64.sh` to automate the recompile process on AEM 6.4. Example arguments: `./cq-force-recompilation64.sh crx-quickstart/ http://localhost:4502 admin:admin`
