---
title: Display activity only once
description: Description
solution: Target
product: Target
applies-to: Target
keywords: KCS, Activity, Content Delivery, Adobe Target, popup, webpage, display, once
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Jim Menn
article-created-date: 9/9/2022 7:21:49 AM
article-published-by: Jim Menn
article-published-date: 9/9/2022 7:57:47 AM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-14504
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=da1c420f-1030-ed11-9db1-0022480866ad
exl-id: fd157c71-03f8-4096-b7b6-e2eddfe8e4fb
---
# Display activity only once

## Description


<b>Environment</b>
 Adobe Target

<b>Issue</b>
 You normally use Adobe Target to launch a popup on a webpage for one day only to notify users of website congestion/maintenance.

However, you want the popup to display only once to all audiences (so it's not annoying/spammy).

You want to look at defining this through creating a custom audience, but can't find any out-of-the-box parameters.


## Resolution


<b>Solutions</b>
The solution depends on your setup with Adobe Target.

<b>Solution 1</b>
If you are not using A4T, you could go into the [!UICONTROL Advanced Settings] in the success metric and choose the option that increments the count and then bars from re-entry. In order for it to work properly, you would have to convert right away, like on user seeing "any mbox".

<b>Solution 2</b>
Or if you have full control over the mbox call (ability to add mbox parameters to it) then you could add a unique mbox parameter such as <b>`isPopup=true`</b>, and then create an profile script which looks for that parameter and then sets a user variable, i.e., `user.hasSeenPopUp`.

<b>Solution 3</b>
The same idea could work if the popup had a had a unique mbox name.
You would then create an audience where `user.hasSeenPopup` does not exist or does not contain true and place that audience on the activity.
