---
title: "How to clone a TarMK instance in AEM"
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: "Experience Manager"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "From https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/how-to-clone-an-AEM-TarMK-instance-AEM.html"
bug: False
article-created-by: Krunal Oza
article-created-date: "10/19/2022 12:22:38 PM"
article-published-by: Krunal Oza
article-published-date: "10/19/2022 12:26:44 PM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-16875
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=708341b2-a84f-ed11-bba2-00224808679b"

---
# How to clone a TarMK instance in AEM

## Description

<b>Environment</b>
- Experience Manager



<b>Issues/Symptoms</b>
This article explains how to properly clone an AEM instance that uses TarMK (or TarMK + FileDataStore) for storage.


## Resolution


The steps below demonstrate how to copy an AEM + TarMK + FileDataStore instance using rsync on Linux with AEM installed under /mnt/aem/author.

1. Copy the full AEM instance to another server while it is running using a command like rsync.  Make sure to preserve timestamps during the copy process and exclude the logs folder and datastore.  For example: `rsync -av --exclude 'crx-quickstart/logs' --exclude 'crx-quickstart/repository/repository/datastore' /mnt/aem/author user@dest-host:/mnt/aem/`
2. Stop AEM
3. Initiate another copy of the TarMK segmentstore folder to get any newer changes since the first copy was done: `rsync -av /mnt/aem/author/crx-quickstart/repository/segmentstore/* user@dest-host:/mnt/aem/author/crx-quickstart/repository/segmentstore/`
4. Start AEM.
5. Copy the datastore while AEM is running. For example: `rsync -av /mnt/aem/author user@dest-host:/mnt/aem/crx-quickstart/repository/repository/datastore /mnt/aem/crx-quickstart/repository/repository/`
6. On the destination server, re-create the logs folder, delete the crx-quickstart/repository/index folder, and delete the sling.id.file from the crx-quickstart/launchpad/felix folder.

    `mkdir /mnt/aem/crx-quickstart/logs`

    `rm -rf /mnt/aem/crx-quickstart/repository/index`

    `find /mnt/aem/crx-quickstart/launchpad/felix -type f -name "sling.id.file" -exec rm -f {} \; -print`
7. On the destination server, start AEM and test your instance.


<b>Important Note:</b>

You must ensure that the datastore is copied after the segmentstore folder and that all timestamps are preserved during the copy. Rsync allows timestamps to be preserved with the -a option.
