---
title: "Passing custom parameter in a web-app host URL to identify a record"
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign"
keywords: "KCS,Passing custom parameter in a web-app host URL to identify a record"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Ananya Kuthiala
article-created-date: "5/7/2022 4:41:58 PM"
article-published-by: Ananya Kuthiala
article-published-date: "5/7/2022 4:43:24 PM"
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-14118
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=1421cd98-24ce-ec11-a7b5-0022480a8e40"

---
# Passing custom parameter in a web-app host URL to identify a record

## Description


Use case- The customer has extended the recipient table to add two custom columns. The first column has a unique identifier to identify a recipient record—the second column stores the same identifier in an encrypted format. The customer has created a custom workflow to encrypt all the values of the first column and store them in the corresponding second column.

The customer now wants to use this encrypted record to identify a recipient in a web app. So, for example, the web-app URL should look like this: <b>https://clientsurl/unsubscribe/value/TVGr4UfKr9%2BuNlQulVDy2w%3D%3D</b>

<b>TVGr4UfKr9%2BuNlQulVDy2w%3D%3D</b> is the encrypted value. However, as soon as this URL is passed in a browser, the browser, considering %2B and %3D as special characters, encodes it to <b>https://clientsurl/unsubscribe/value/TVGr4UfKr9+uNlQulVDy2w==</b>


## Resolution


The browser might be converting the special characters under the URL encoding scheme since the customer was not passing the <b>encrypted identifier (extended column)</b> as a query parameter in the URL. The customer should use a separator here and pass the <b>encrypted identifier</b> as a query parameter and the browser won't decode it.

<b>For example</b>: <b>https://clientsurl/webApp/unsub?encrypted identifier column name=TVGr4UfKr9%2BuNlQulVDy2w%3D%3D</b> instead of <b>https://clientsurl/unsubscribe/value/TVGr4UfKr9%2BuNlQulVDy2w%3D%3D</b>



In order for the un-subscription to work, the customer will also have to modify the un-subscription web app so that it takes this parameter into consideration for unsubscribing the recipient.
