---
title: Fully qualify a ticket
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Roxann McGlumphy
article-created-date: 10/21/2021 9:35:45 PM
article-published-by: Cedric Latimier
article-published-date: 1/18/2022 2:37:48 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-17494
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=8e3243d7-b632-ec11-b6e5-000d3a5ba97a
exl-id: b457d006-437e-4e27-924f-b92b2e22f136
---
# Fully qualify a ticket

## Description


To fully qualify a ticket so support can quickly process and understand the issue, it's necessary to gather certain information.
<br><br><br><br> <br><br>Information to provide in the ticket<br><br><br><br> <br><br>
Check and install the tool package to help on collecting information, you can find it here on [tool.](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/index/tools.html)

When there's an issue with AEM, it's necessary to provide the following information:

- Link to the documentation describing the product feature matching your issue
- Information about the browser version, if related to a browser-specific issue
- JVM parameters currently applied
- Collected data using the <b>[system information collector tool](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/support-info-collector.html)</b> or <b>manually using following method</b>



## Resolution

Collect system information (manual method for onprem customers)<br><br><br><br> 
1. <b>Version of AEM and service pack applied, following output helps: curl -u admin:admin http://localhost:4502/crx/packmgr/service.jsp?cmd=ls  package_list.xml (adapt it for your login/password and host/port)</b>
2. <b>Apache Felix Configuration Status, under http://localhost:4502/system/console/config/configuration-status.zip (default installation)</b>
3. <b>List of files and log files on the file system like describe in the article "[Analyze Persistence Problems](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/AnalyzePersistenceProblems.html)"</b>

<br><br><br><br> <br><br>Other possible source of information to collect<br><br><br><br> <br><br>
<b>In general</b>

When instructions are provided to reproduce the issue, <b>check that it works on an instance that is rebuilt based on the same instructions</b>. If you cannot reproduce it somewhere else, it could be difficult for the support team to reproduce it too. And that could be a hint that the issue needs more content or description.
 A <b>package</b> or some clear steps with <b>screenshot </b>or<b> screen recording</b> can be <b>useful</b>. Exact <b>timestamp</b> when the problem is observed or a clear <b>time range</b> is also a good practice to add in the description of the issue.

<b>Performance-related issues</b>

If the issue is performance-related, provide thread dumps as described in the article "[Analyze Slow and Blocked Processes](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/AnalyzeSlowAndBlockedProcesses.html)", at least ten thread dumps with interval of 10 seconds. And, if you can use prof.jsp, use at least a stack depth of 64 with interval of 200 ms. Collect this data for about five minutes.

<b>Memory-related issues</b>

If there is a memory-related issue (out of memory message appear in your logs for example), provide the information as describe in the article "[Analyze Memory Problems](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/AnalyzeMemoryProblems.html)."

Do this step for all instances in the cluster if applicable.
<br><br><br><br> <br><br>Send/attach the collected data<br><br><br><br> <br><br>
Send all in a <b>single archive</b>. If that is too large for the ticket, please ask your support representative for an alternative solution. Provide the information in the ticket at creation or as soon as possible after creation with the additional information and description that can help analyze the problem.
<br><br><br><br> <br><br>Change the loglevel to DEBUG according to the related issue<br><br><br><br> <br><br>
To get better quality in qualifying your ticket, use the Apache Felix Webconsole  Configuration panel. Add a Logger configuration for DEBUG messages for the different part of the code related to your issues.

For example:

<b>com.day.cq.replication.impl</b> for replication issues

<b>org.apache.sling.event.impl</b> for Eventing-related issues

For example, you can find the package or category name for the logger by opening the bundle information in Apache Felix Webconsole  Bundles panel.

Adding such information can help resolve the issue faster.
