---
title: "The number of visitors in the \"Flow Visualization\" does not match the number of unique visitors in the \"Free Form Table\""
description: Description
solution: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
product: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
applies-to: "Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics"
keywords: "KCS, Flow, Free Form"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Takafumi Sakurai
article-created-date: "12/3/2021 1:33:54 AM"
article-published-by: Takafumi Sakurai
article-published-date: "12/3/2021 1:35:38 AM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-17650
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=2199330f-d953-ec11-8c62-00224804e3cb"

---
# The number of visitors in the "Flow Visualization" does not match the number of unique visitors in the "Free Form Table"

## Description

The number of visitors displayed in the "Central drop zone" on the flow visualization does not match the number of unique visitors represented in the freeform table. 

## Resolution


1. Use the metric "Page View" on the freeform table. 
 2. Activate the option "Include repeated instances" in the settings on the flow visualization.

<b>Reason</b>

1. If a specific dimension is set in the "Central Drop Zone" on the freeform table, the path view will be displayed on an "Instance" basis with "all hits where the value of the target dimension was measured within the reporting period". This will result in a "hit-based" path being reported instead of the "visit/visitor-based" left side "Entry drop zone" and right side "Exit drop zone" paths of other flow visualizations. Therefore, instead of using "Unique Visitors", you will use number of "Page Views”.

2. Also, the setting "Include repeated instances" option on the flow visualization will be an option that allows you to include or exclude instances that occur repeatedly, such as page reloads. By enabling this option, the number of visitors in the flow visualization will match the number of page views in the freeform table, since page reloads are also counted in the page view count.
