---
title: "Adobe Campaign Standard: API updates to profiles and services are not being reflected"
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Standard"
keywords: "KCS,API,ACS,Campaign Standard"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: "CAMP-47944, CAMP-47983"
bug: True
article-created-by: Craig Thonis
article-created-date: "3/11/2021 2:47:58 PM"
article-published-by: Craig Thonis
article-published-date: "3/11/2021 3:05:01 PM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-16837
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=9e584fc3-7882-eb11-a812-000d3a3b2c6b"
exl-id: bd2a1059-7e1b-4dc3-a3a3-6ffcc40967d6
---
# Adobe Campaign Standard: API updates to profiles and services are not being reflected

## Description


It has been found in recent versions of ACS that when publishing custom resource changes to long-text attributes, that the APIs are not being updated.  The attribute is accessible through manual or workflow lookup in the UI, but not through the API.  This was found to be a bug with the custom resource publication process that is not recognizing that the APIs need to be updated when changes are made to only long-text attributes.


## Resolution


Currently CAMP-47983 has been opened to address this issue in a future release.  Additionally there are multiple approaches as a workaround:

1) As the API publication process isn't taking long text attribute changes into account, making a benign change to a non-long text attribute (for example, changing the label of another attribute) and then publishing the custom resource will force a refresh of the APIs.

2) If applicable, changing the long-text fields to something other than long-text will also resolve this issue.  That said, if data already exists then consider this approach with caution.



Lastly to confirm that the APIs are being updated, once the preparation is done, if changes are detected for profileAndServicesExt, tab labelled "Profile & Services Ext API preview" should be seen.  If it is not present then no changes were recognized by the application.
