---
title: How to troubleshoot SAML related issues in AEM
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Roxann McGlumphy
article-created-date: 10/21/2021 5:02:47 PM
article-published-by: Cedric Latimier
article-published-date: 1/18/2022 2:33:40 PM
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-17476
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=55a54eb6-9032-ec11-b6e5-000d3a5ba97a
exl-id: f7cf029d-bc42-4180-8746-63b012b7e9ff
---
# How to troubleshoot SAML related issues in AEM

## Description

How we can troubleshoot SAML related issues with AEM ? What information would be required to troubleshoot ?

## Resolution


<b>Infinite loop Issue:</b>

- Check if ds:signature is part of SAML assertion  If not, This is to be done on IDP end and check the checkbox for signed Assertion
- Check for nameId format in SAML response, The format should exactly match the nameId Policy format as configured in SAML Config
- Check for SAML AudienceRestriction in SAML response, The value of this tag should exactly match the entity ID in SAML config
- Check for saml2:conditions(NotBefore & NotOnOrAfter), Server is not in sync with ntp server.Use ntpd and force it to sync sys time (ntpdate -s pool.ntp.org). For test, change the clock tolerance to -1, this will ignore clock difference.
- Check if idp do not have assertion signed. Ask idp team that response is signed and the assertion needs to be signed as per saml spec.
- Check if SAML tracer output if the assertion from IDP is encrypted. If yes, Config of SAML auth handler should use the encryption checkbox


<b>Check if SAML Certificate is in proper format:</b>

- Fetch the signature from SAML response and correct the certificate i.e. after 65th line, press enter and so on.
- This can be then used to install in AEM truststore and match certificate details with IDP.


<b>Encryption:</b>

- First always complete SAML setup without encryption. When this is done then enable encryption. Using this way it is easy to debug the issue


<b>Dispatcher:</b>

- Make sure SAML login request is allowed in the filters section.If not, Update the /filter section to allow POST requests to \*/saml_login.

    

    /0100 { /type "allow" /method "POST" /url "\*/saml_login" }


- Check for change in Mod header(mod_header) on web server level in httpd.conf.It should be in below format

     Header always edit Set-Cookie (.\*) "$1; HTTPOnly; Secure"


<b>Invalid Assertion:</b>
<br><br><br><br><br> <br><br> <br><br><br><br>

|   1<br>  2   | `com.adobe.granite.auth.saml.model.Assertion Invalid Assertion: Signature invalid.``com.adobe.granite.auth.saml.SamlAuthenticationHandler Private key of SP not provided: Cannot sign Authn request` |
| --- | --- |


- Issue could be with certificate stored in the truststore. Solution here could be to delete and re-upload the new idp_cert and check the use-case.
- If you are not encypting the SAML response, you can ignore "Private key of SP not provided: Cannot sign Authn request" error.


<b>Cannot Retrieve Private Key:</b>
<br><br><br><br><br> <br><br> <br><br><br><br>

|   1<br>  2   | `com.adobe.granite.security.user.internal.servlets.KeyStoreManagingServlet,1121, javax.servlet.Servlet ServiceEvent REGISTERED``saml.log:27.01.2019 14:16:13.642 *ERROR* qtp275633701-179 com.adobe.granite.auth.saml.SamlAuthenticationHandler KeyStore uninitialized. Cannot retrieve private key to decrypt assertions.` |
| --- | --- |

 
- This error means, IDP has encrypted the assertionand there is no private key to decrypt the response. If you want to encrypt the response, you need to upload a valid private key in the AEM keystore.

<br><br><br><br> <br><br>
<b>Information to provide when raising a SAML related Support ticket:</b>

- SAML Request
- SAML Response
- SAML configuration
- DEBUG logs for SAML (com.adobe.granite.auth.saml)
- Error.log
- HAR1 file to extract SAML Request/Response


1https://help.tenderapp.com/kb/troubleshooting-your-tender-site/generating-an-har-file
