---
title: How does the Visitor Identification process take place in [!DNL Target?]
description: Description
solution: Target
product: Target
applies-to: Target
keywords: KCS, Visitor, Visitor Identification
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: 8/16/2022 10:24:10 AM
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: 8/16/2022 10:50:07 AM
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-14003
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=be39828e-4d1d-ed11-b83e-002248086696
exl-id: 0e5b0ce7-50ec-443c-9173-f539bd831586
---
# How does the Visitor Identification process take place in [!DNL Target?]

## Description


How does [!DNL Target] identify visitors (i.e., which variables and in what order)?


## Resolution


1. The visitor is identified based on mboxpcid or mcid or thirdpartyid.
2. mboxpcid is basically generated by the [!DNL Target] tag on customer's web page, and we write a cookie for that visitor, so we know that this visitor has fired a call to [!DNL Target] before or not.
3. Similarly, mcid is created by visitor API on the page, and this ID is made available across marketing cloud solutions.
4. The customers themselves provide [!DNL thirdpartyid], so it depends on how they identify their visitors.
5. On subsequent visits, the visitor may be identified as long as the cookie is not deleted or the profile doesn't expire on our systems (based on time to live).
6. Finally, in terms of reports, it is a very different solution, i.e., one may visit a page, and they may get counted as a visitor in analytics. However, in [!DNL Target], we count visitors only in the context of the given activity (i.e., if the visitor qualifies for the activity and is served an experience pertaining to that activity).
7. In A4T context :


- "Unique visitors" include users' activity once they've entered the test, even if they don't interact with test content per session afterward.
- "Visits" include user visits that do not involve seeing an activity.
- "Activity impressions" increment each time a visitor sees the actual test content (basically, each server call from [!DNL Target] to [!DNL Analytics] counts)
- "Instances" increment once per page when activity content is seen.
- Impressions and instances are equal unless there are multiple mbox calls on the same page in the same activity, causing multiple impressions to be counted in a single instance.
