---
title: How to disable Link Checker or configure to mark links as valid in AEM
description: Description
solution: Experience Manager
product: Experience Manager
applies-to: Experience Manager
keywords: KCS
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 'Helpx Link: https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/kb/how-to-configure-linkchecker-tomark-alllinks-asvalid.html'
bug: false
article-created-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-created-date: 10/18/2022 8:03:49 AM
article-published-by: Tanay Sharma .
article-published-date: 10/18/2022 8:13:57 AM
version-number: 12
article-number: KA-16563
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=25976761-bb4e-ed11-bba2-0022480868ff
exl-id: f2582b2d-0d4e-4a42-bd38-7271ac6a74e5
---
# How to disable Link Checker or configure to mark links as valid in AEM

## Description

<br>Environment<br>
Adobe Experience Manager 6.4, 6.5


<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
How to disable Link Checker or configure to mark links as valid in AEM


## Resolution


<b>Background:</b>  Whenever a site is loaded in AEM, the Link Checker automatically checks for the embedded links in all the content pages and marks each link as either Valid or Invalid.

This may slow down an instance or a site due to a large number of Link Checker warnings in the log.  A decision can be made to disable some link checking.

<b>Note:</b>  The Link Checker should not be enabled on <b>publish </b>instances.



1. In your pages,
    1. Add` x-cq-linkchecker="valid" `parameter in the `a` tag to make sure that links are always marked as valid by the Link Checker.
    2. Optionally use `x-cq-linkchecker="skip"` in the `a`. Link Checker will not even check for validity.
2. Disable Link Checker via the AEM Web Console.
    1. Access the *AEM Web Console Configuration*`1`.
    2. Search for *Day CQ Link Checker Transformer*.
    3. Check the <b>Disable Checking</b> box and click <b>Save</b>.
3. Disable link checking for a certain domain.

    1. Access the *AEM Web Console Configuration*`1`.
    2. Search for *Day CQ Link Checker Transformer*.
    3. Edit the <b>Link Check Override Patterns </b>setting.

        

        Example 1: `system/`

        Any external link starting with the system will not be checked.  Add additional override patterns to this section by clicking the +. 

        

        Example 2: ``

        This will mark all links as valid moving forward.




<b>Recommended:</b> Delete all nodes under` /var/linkchecker `to stop the Link Checker from rechecking URLs.

`1 http://host:port/system/console/configMgr`
