---
title: Differences removing user which have access permission in Adobe Analytics / Admin Console for Adobe Analytics User.
description: Description
solution: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
product: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
applies-to: Customer Journey Analytics,Analytics
keywords: KCS, Adobe Analytics, Admin Console, Permission, User Delete, User Removing
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: null
bug: false
article-created-by: Seunghyun Choi
article-created-date: 3/10/2022 12:14:18 AM
article-published-by: Seunghyun Choi
article-published-date: 3/10/2022 12:19:40 AM
version-number: 2
article-number: KA-17907
dynamics-url: https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ac67bd03-07a0-ec11-b400-0022480b0a3e
exl-id: 9df9c88b-477a-4314-812d-fc2790a36d5c
---
# Differences removing user which have access permission in Adobe Analytics / Admin Console for Adobe Analytics User.

## Description


Explain the difference between user deletion in Adobe Analytics and Admin Console for Adobe Analytics User.


## Resolution


If the user (Adobe ID) is removed in Admin Console, the user will be deleted from Admin Console, and any permissions set for the account will be deleted.
 It does not mean that your account mapped with Adobe Analytics will be removed in Adobe Analytics. If you removed a user in the Admin Console, Adobe Analytics still retains the user information.
 Therefore, the assets (segments, projects of workspaces, etc.) owned by the account will retain as well.
 However, you will not be able to access Adobe Analytics because Adobe Analytics's permissions have been deleted.
   
 Removing users in Adobe Analytics is different from above. It means completely deleting your account in Adobe Analytics.
 Therefore, the user's information is deleted, and all the assets that the user had are also deleted.
 However, this does not mean deleting the account that exists in the Admin Console. The user still exists in the Admin Console because you have deleted only the mapping information in the Admin Console.
