---
title: "Campaign Classic V7 - Can the execution time of a [!UICONTROL WAIT] activity be changed when a workflow is running?"
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Classic,Campaign"
keywords: "KCS"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Krunal Oza
article-created-date: "9/28/2022 1:18:02 PM"
article-published-by: Krunal Oza
article-published-date: "9/28/2022 1:23:54 PM"
version-number: 3
article-number: KA-15085
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=254085f6-2f3f-ed11-9db1-000d3a5c1bcc"

---
# Campaign Classic V7 - Can the execution time of a [!UICONTROL Wait] activity be changed when a workflow is running?

## Description


Environment

- Campaign Classic
- Campaign




Issue/Symptoms

Can the execution time of a [!UICONTROL Wait Timer] activity be changed when a workflow is in the running mode?

<b>For example:</b>

Let's assume a workflow is scheduled to be executed in <b>X </b>days and it got triggered after <b>Y</b> Days. How is it possible?


## Resolution


<b>We can change the timing of a workflow when it's running by following the approach given below

A.</b>  If the workflow is running, and it has not reached the [!UICONTROL Wait] activity and then, we can pause the workflow, make the amendments and then restart it.

<b>*For example</b>*: Let’s assume the workflow is running and currently at some activity before the [!UICONTROL Wait] activity.

Then if we pause the workflow, make the amendments, and then restart it, the new [!UICONTROL Wait] would get effective.

<b>B.</b>   If the workflow is running, and it has reached the [!UICONTROL Wait] activity, then stop the workflow, make the amendments, and then restart it.

<b>*For example:</b>* Let’s say the workflow is running and currently at the [!UICONTROL Wait] activity which is scheduled to have a wait activity of let’s say 1 day.

Then you must stop the workflow, make the amendments to let’s say `WAIT=2` days and then restart it.

Always restart the workflow to take into account changes made to workflow activities. Otherwise they will not apply.
