---
title: "How to fetch long running workflow in ACS using workflowTask table"
description: Description
solution: Campaign
product: Campaign
applies-to: "Campaign Standard"
keywords: "KCS,workflow Task  table fetch long running workflow"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Amol Mahajan
article-created-date: "11/1/2022 10:53:22 AM"
article-published-by: Amol Mahajan
article-published-date: "11/1/2022 10:58:30 AM"
version-number: 4
article-number: KA-16101
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=502e5362-d359-ed11-9561-6045bd006a22"

---
# How to fetch long running workflow in ACS using workflowTask table

## Description

<b>Environment</b>
Campaign Standard
<b>Issue/Symptoms</b>
Fetching Workflow Task duration details

Usually, clients set alerts for failed workflows, but they often miss out on those workflows that have been running for a very long time due to the stuck-up activities or activities processing for days on ACS instances. This results in a degraded performance and high database consumption.


## Resolution


*Workflow Task* table contains information related to workflow activities and their run durations. Monitoring the duration of activities can help improve the performance and maintain a healthy database.

Workflow Task details can be fetched from `xtk:workflowTask` table.
<br>How to ensure awareness of long-running workflow activities<br>
This can be achieved using a simple workflow. Follow the steps below to create a workflow to monitor the long-running workflow activities:

1. Create a new workflow

2. Select a query activity

3. Select the Resource and Targeting dimension as: <b>WorkflowTaskDetail</b> <b>(xtk:workflow task:workflowTaskDetail)</b>

4. Now, in the Target section, use the below queries:

Duration is more significant than 3600

AND

Activity name does not start with a schedule

AND

Activity name does not begin with signal



Above workflow creation would help you fetch those activities running for more than 1 hour.

Setting an *alert* to this query condition can help the clients monitor the running workflow activities for a long duration.

<b>NOTE:</b> In the duration condition, please ensure you set the time duration in seconds and not in minutes or hours.
