---
title: "Discrepancy in trait Vs segment device count"
description: Description
solution: Audience Manager
product: Audience Manager
applies-to: "Audience Manager"
keywords: "KCS, aam, trait, segment, devices, reporting, unique trait realizations, total segment population, real-time segment population, total trait population"
resolution: Resolution
internal-notes: 
bug: False
article-created-by: Ankita .
article-created-date: "5/20/2022 5:14:55 AM"
article-published-by: Ankita .
article-published-date: "5/20/2022 5:31:59 AM"
version-number: 1
article-number: KA-19627
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-ent.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=3e2305c7-fbd7-ec11-a7b5-000d3a3ade0f"

---
# Discrepancy in trait Vs segment device count

## Description

<b>Use case:</b><br><br>I have the following data source established to receive data from one of our partners:<br><br><br>
000111 - Data Source to receive TestInternalCompany

We have created some segments using this data. The 2 in question are:

1111111- Existing Customers without Home
 222222- Existing Customers with Home

When looking at the segment size compared to the trait size there is a big difference. Additionally, comparing the total segment size to the real-time segment size, there is also a big difference.

Example:

Existing Customers without Home
 Unique Trait Realization size - (30 day lookback) 360,226
 Total Segment population - (30 day lookback) 478,695
 Real time Segment size - (30 day look back) 21,756

Existing Customers with Home
 Unique Trait Realization size - (30 day lookback) 9,058,573
 Total Segment population - (30 day lookback) 9,205,534
 Real-time Segment size - (30 day look back) 199,191



Please explain above behavior.


## Resolution


So, here we are trying to understand the difference between:
 1. Trait Unique Trait Realization (UTR) and Total segment population.
 2. Real-Time segment population and Total segment population.



<u>Trait Unique Trait Realization (UTR) and Total segment population.</u>

- If you want to compare trait's data with segment then it should be done on the basis of total population on both sides.
- UTR is just addition of new devices during that window while total segment population is the total count of devices currently present in a given segment.
- Total trait population should align with total segment population considering the Profile Merge Rules in your segment.
- If you are using Profile Merge Rule as "Last Auth + Profile Link Device Graph" then higher total segment population is expected as Profile Link Device Graph, considers upto 100 devices per profile for segmentation.
- Comparing, UTR with total with segment population is simply not a correct comparison.




<u>Real-Time segment population and Total segment population.</u>

- Real-time segment population is the count of devices which are seen online in the give lookback window out of the total segment population.
- So, if less devices are seen online then the real-time count is expected to be less than the total segment population.




Few references around above said behavior:

[Segment population Definitions](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/audience-manager/user-guide/features/segments/segment-builder-data.html?lang=en)

[Trait population Definitions](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/audience-manager/user-guide/features/traits/trait-details-page.html?lang=en)

[Profile Merge Rules Options Defined](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/audience-manager/user-guide/features/profile-merge-rules/merge-rule-definitions.html?lang=en)
