---

title: Adobe Campaign Advanced Filter is case sensitive  
description: Description  
solution: Campaign  
product: Campaign  
applies-to: "Campaign Classic"  
keywords: KCS, ACC, Adobe Campaign, Classic, Filter  
resolution: Resolution  
internal-notes: TK202144  
bug: True  
article-created-by: Meetisha Dubey  
article-created-date: "10/26/2020 9:48:36 AM"  
article-published-by: Service Enterprise Internal Workflow Admin User  
article-published-date: "10/27/2020 1:51:31 PM"  
version-number: 1  
article-number: KA-32409  
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-estg.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=feb27b3c-7017-eb11-a812-000d3a593b88"

---

# Adobe Campaign Advanced Filter is case sensitive

## Description

It has been reported that when searching on recipients using the "Advanced Filter" option that recipients could not be found.  This turned out to be due to the Advanced Filter in build 9032 forcing case sensitivity when performing queries.

## Resolution

Note that the information provided in this document is specific to Adobe Analytics (except for the part related to user migration). This document does not cover impact/process for other Experience Cloud solutions.



Company migration is not supported by customer care. It is recommended to work with your account manager to help you with the steps and the provisioning required. This document lists and explains the changes that need to be considered while planning the migration.

1.  Report Suites
 There is no physical migration of report suites from one company to another. It is just linking the report suites to the new company and removing the linkage from the old company. As a result, report suites will start showing in the new company and will be hidden from the old one.

    1.  Report Suites are migrated in two steps

        1.  Customer Care copies report suites (links) to the new company. Customer/CSM would need to open a support ticket specifying the source and target login companies and the list of report suites need to be migrated. Note that migration cannot happen between companies existing in different Data Centers.
   
        2.  Provisioning team maps the billing IDs of the report suites to the new company. CSM need to raise the request to Provisioning team sharing the details of report suites and billing IDs.
  
  
  
2.  Report Suite Mapping
  Report Suites need to be mapped to the new Experience Cloud Org. This can be done by the admins in the new company using report suite mapping tool. Link and steps can be found in the [Map report suites to an organization](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/core-services/interface/about-core-services/report-suite-mapping.html) guide.
 
 
 
3.  Reporting Data
 Since data resides in report suites, data is also migrated with the report suites. No data loss is expected in the process.
 
4.  Assets
 Login company assets are different than report suites and they belong only to the login company where they were created. As of now, there is no automated way to migrate assets from one company to another, except recreating them manually. Below is the list of assets to consider:
 

    1.  Dashboards
  
    2.  Segments
  
    3.  Calculated Metrics
  
    4.  Date Ranges
  
    5.  Scheduled Reports/Projects
  
    6.  Data Feeds
  
    7.  API configurations
 
 
 
5.  Product Profiles/User Groups
 Users cannot be transferred from one company to another. They need to be re-created in the new company.
 
6.  Users
 Users cannot be transferred from one company to another. They need to be re-created in the new company. The recommended way is to export the users from the old company in CSV from Admin Console and import them (after making necessary changes in the CSV) via the Admin Console of the new company. Here are the steps:
 

    1.  Request and follow the process of report suite migration.
  
    2.  Once report suites are migrated, create product profiles in Experience Cloud Admin Console. See “Create and manage product profiles” section in [Manage products and profiles](https://helpx.adobe.com/in/enterprise/using/manage-products-and-profiles.html).
  
    3.  Export users in CSV from old company (using Admin Console).
  
    4.  Make changes in the CSV as necessary. See “Export user data" section in [Adobe Admin Console users](https://helpx.adobe.com/in/enterprise/using/users.html). You can also assign product profiles by specifying product profiles names (you already created in step 2) in the column “Product Configurations". Details in [Manage users | Bulk CSV upload](https://helpx.adobe.com/in/enterprise/using/bulk-upload-users.html).
  
    5.  Import users in the new company. See [Manage users | Bulk CSV upload](https://helpx.adobe.com/in/enterprise/using/bulk-upload-users.html) for detailed steps.
 
 
 
7.  Implementation
 There is no impact of migrating report suites, assets and users on data collection. However, due to contractual agreement, the new company should use a separate DTM/Launch property to host tags as well as a new tracking server (which is unique for each company).
 

    1.  Tracking Server: Changing tracking server URL in the implementation will not result any loss of data. However, existing campaigns and marketing channels will expire and therefore attributions will not be credited to them. If required, tracking server needs to be updated in Analytics and Visitor ID implementations.
  
    2.  DTM: DTM is soon going to be sunset and it is not recommended to migrate DTM property currently. As per [the DTM sunset plan](https://medium.com/launch-by-adobe/dtm-plans-for-a-sunset-3c6aab003a6f), DTM no longer allows the creation of new properties. If an exception is needed, CSM needs to work with the product management team.
  
    3.  Launch: Launch properties cannot be migrated. Properties need to be recreated along with the rules. This also requires QA of the rules to ensure nothing breaks when the libraries are moved to production.
  
    4.  HTML: Link to DTM/Launch libraries need to be updated.
  
    5.  Integrations: Any integration mapped with Analytics (such as A4T, Audience Analytics) will be affected. These integrations would need to be recreated in the new company.
  
    6.  ECID: Visitor ID service would need the updated org ID which will reset user’s visitor cookies.
 
 

