---

title: "Adobe Campaign: Workflows including calculated XML fields error out on 9032"  
description: Description  
solution: Target  
product: Target  
applies-to: "Target"  
keywords: "KCS"  
resolution: Resolution  
internal-notes:   
bug: False  
article-created-by: KCS_Coach Generic  
article-created-date: "10/28/2020 2:00:26 PM"  
article-published-by: KCS_Coach Generic  
article-published-date: "10/28/2020 2:02:12 PM"  
version-number: 1  
article-number: KA-32482  
dynamics-url: "https://adobe-estg.crm.dynamics.com/main.aspx?forceUCI=1&pagetype=entityrecord&etn=knowledgearticle&id=ce7f2de9-2519-eb11-a813-000d3a593b1e"

---

# Adobe Campaign: Workflows including calculated XML fields error out on 9032

## Description

It has been found that post upgrade to 9032 that workflows leveraging calculated XML fields are failing with an "INSERT has more target columns than expressions".  Upon review of the SQL code being generated we can see that this is the case.  

## Resolution

General configuration

Organization

Create your workflows, such as *import in tableXXX,*  in a custom folder.

Only if the generic workflow affects the whole platform (cleansing for example) could you consider adding it in the built-in "Technical Workflows" folder.

Workflow name

As explained earlier, it’s really important to give your workflows proper names and labels. As an operator won’t always refer to the documentation, fill in the workflow's description field to summarize the process to be performed.

If the workflow is part of a process involving multiple workflows, feel free to be explicit when entering a label; using numbers is a great way to order the workflows (by Label). For example:

*   001 – Import – Import recipients
 
*   002 – Import – Import sales
 
*   003 – Import – Import sales details
 
*   010 – Export – Export delivery logs
 
*   011 – Export – Export tracking logs




Severity

You can configure the severity of a workflow in the workflow properties,  in the Execution tab:

*   Normal
 
*   Production
 
*   Critical




Providing this information when creating a workflow will help you understand the severity of the process configured.

Logs

The JavaScript method logInfo() is a great solution for debugging a workflow. It is useful but it must be used carefully, especially for activities that are frequently run: it can overload the logs and significantly increase the size of the log table.

But you might also need more than logInfo(). Two additional solutions are available  to help.

Keep the result of interim populations between two executions

This option, available in the workflow properties' *General* tab, can be as useful as it can be dangerous. It prevents Adobe Campaign from deleting the temporary tables created between two executions. While it could be useful for dev environments, it’s forbidden to use it on production environments and should be monitored. Keeping temporary tables could result in the size of the database increasing significantly and eventually the size limit being reached. Moreover, it will slow down the backup.

No workflows on production should have this option checked at any time.

Log SQL queries in the journal

Available in the *Execution* tab of workflow properties, this will log all SQL queries generated by the tool from the different activities. It is a great way to see what is actually executed by the platform. However, this option should only be used temporarily during development and not activated on production.

Monitoring 

All your scheduled workflows running on production environments should be monitored in order to be alerted if there is an error.

In the workflow properties, select a supervisor group, either the default “Workflow supervisors” or a custom group. Make sure that at least one operator belongs to this group, with an email set up.
